# Ian Soukup - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview
`Manga Tantou` is a desktop Command Line Interface (CLI) program designed to help manga editors manage their business.
The manga industry is known for being very tough to manage, with many deadlines, sales, and pieces of work to manage.
Our program aims to be a catch-all tool for these tasks so a manga business can keep running efficiently and accurately.

## Summary of Contributions

### Code Contribution
Refer to this [link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=t10-3&sort=groupTitle%20dsc&sortWithin=title&since=2024-09-20&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=false&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=iaso1774&tabRepo=AY2425S1-CS2113-T10-3%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)
to view my contributions to the project.

### New Feature: `Schedule`
This feature allows deadlines to be quickly and reliably added to mangas.
Through a simple Command Line input, editors can add or change the deadline associated with a manga.
Additionally, through the view command, editors can easily check when deadlines are due for mangas.

The manga industry is known for its demanding schedules. There have been many reports of authors being overworked and not given enough break time.
We hope that by having a reliable and transparent deadline-assigning program in place, authors will be able to better plan around their busy schedules and manage their time more healthily.
In addition, by giving the editor a wider view of all deadlines, they may be able to notice more easily if an author is overworked and give them less punishing deadlines.

The `Schedule` command includes built-in checks to ensure that human error when inputting the command is caught.
Checks include:
* The author and manga exist
* The author, manga, and deadline aren't empty

If any of these checks fail, the user is given an easy-to-understand error message describing what went wrong.
The program also uses assert and logging statements to allow for easier debugging by any developers.

### Test Cases
I added test cases to ensure that AddDeadlineCommand stays functional throughout development.
These test cases check that AddDeadlineCommand is working properly by using assert statements on the MangaList and AuthorList after automatically executing the command.
Test cases include:
* Adding a single deadline.
* Changing a deadline which has already been created.
* Attempting to create a deadline for a nonexistent author.
* Attempting to create a deadline for a nonexistent manga.

### Documentation
* User Guide
  * Added details regarding the Schedule command.
* Developer Guide
  * Added details regarding AddDeadlineCommand.
  * Created a sequence diagram showing the interactions that occur as a result of using the schedule command.
  * Created an object diagram showing the object structure after a schedule command is successfully run.

### PRs Reviewed
The PRs I reviewed include: 
* [#25](https://github.com/AY2425S1-CS2113-T10-3/tp/pull/25)
* [#36](https://github.com/AY2425S1-CS2113-T10-3/tp/pull/36)
* [#37](https://github.com/AY2425S1-CS2113-T10-3/tp/pull/37)
* [#38](https://github.com/AY2425S1-CS2113-T10-3/tp/pull/38)
* [#60](https://github.com/AY2425S1-CS2113-T10-3/tp/pull/60)
* [#171](https://github.com/AY2425S1-CS2113-T10-3/tp/pull/171)
